Replaces databases, blog URLs and removes lgtm (#718)
github/securitylab: CodeQL_Queries/cpp/XNU_icmp_error_CVE-2018-4407/README.md

# Apple XNU icmp_error CVE-2018-4407

Use [this snapshot](https://github.com/github/securitylab/releases/download/xnu-macos10.13.6-codeql-database/xnu-4570.71.2_macOS-10.13.6_Semmle-1.18.0.zip) for the demo.

> There are two parts to this demo. The first part is `00_mbuf_copydata_tainted_size.ql`, which is the dataflow query that found the bug. It is explained in detail in [this blog post](https://github.blog/category/security/apple-xnu-icmp-error-CVE-2018-4407/). The problem with this query is that it does not find the true source of the untrusted data. This is because it assumes that any call to the function named `m_mtod` can return untrusted data. But not every `mbuf` contains untrusted data. So the second part of the demo, corresponding to [this blog post](https://github.blog/category/security/apple-xnu-exploit-icmp-poc/), is to use dataflow analysis to find a path that gets an untrusted `mbuf` into `icmp_error`. The second part of the demo is developed in steps, starting with `01_paths_to_icmp_error.ql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two parts to this demo. The first part is `00_mbuf_copydata_tainted_size.ql`, which is the dataflow query that found the bug. It is explained in detail in [this blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/apple-xnu-icmp-error-CVE-2018-4407/). The problem with this query is that it does not find the true source of the untrusted data. This is because it assumes that any call to the function named `m_mtod` can return untrusted data. But not every `mbuf` contains untrusted data. So the second part of the demo, corresponding to [this blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/apple-xnu-exploit-icmp-poc/), is to use dataflow analysis to find a path that gets an untrusted `mbuf` into `icmp_error`. The second part of the demo is developed in steps, starting with `01_paths_to_icmp_error.ql`.
```
